TITLE: Cleopatra and Caesar: First Encounter

TAGS: [F4M][historical][impreg][nipple play][mentioned incest]

BACKGROUND STORY: Alexandria, 48 BCE. Cleopatra and her brother Ptolemy, to whom she is married, fight for the throne. Victorious against Pompey Caesar arrives to Alexandria. Cleopatra, exiled by her brother, sneaks into palace guarded by Ptolemy's soldiers, rolled into carpet. She meets Caesar and tries to gain his favour by seducing him. SCRIPT BEGINS.

I am Cleopatra, daughter if Ptolemy XII Auletes, reincarnation of goddess Isis, rightful ruler of Egypt, and you must be invincible Caesar. Your fame rides before you, brave Roman. I heard much about your, and now thanks to favourable Gods, I can finally meet you in person. I discern astonishment in your eyes. For sure, you didn't expect to see me here. I guess you wonder how I managed to avoid mercenaries guarding entrance to your palace. Guards being under orders of my foul, treacherous brother and [with disdain] husband, who removed me from the power and forced me to go into exile. I will tell you mighty Caesar, I'll tell you what you want, and even more, but, first, send your servants away; everything I want to share with you is destined only for your ears and eyes…

[Caesar send his servants away; only he and Cleopatra are left in the room]

We are finally alone. It's up to your knowledge that I have many enemies in Egypt, including my own brother, the usurper. For that very reason, my loyal servant had to smuggle me here rolled in carpet. I can see from your reaction, that you like my ruse. Desperate, abandoned women must resort to all sort of stratagems to achieve its goals. But you probably know it already being wise man, you are. I just couldn't miss the opportunity to met famous Caesar, the man, whom enemies tremble with fear. My body tremble too, yet I don't consider you being my enemy, nor, I hope, you do consider me yours; it's not because of chill, in fact the room is very hot, so allow me to free myself from outerwear, I wore to avoid being recognised, that is a great burden for my body. [Cleopatra removes her outdoor clothing; she wears long Egyptian dress, with bare arms] By the name of Horus, where are my manners, you are preparing yourself to rest, please ignore my presence as much as you can, and go to bed, let me sit beside the table and present my request. [Caesar speaks] You want me to take dish with fruit from the table and join you in the bed? With the highest pleasure, the bed catch my eye since I walked into room. [embarrassed] Um, I'm sorry, my lord, that was highly inappropriate and not what I meant. What I tried to say, that the hardships of a journey depleted my strength, my limbs are tired, and your soft bed looked so inviting. I didn't want to offend you. [Caesar speaks] You want me to lay beside you and feed you with grapes? As you wish, word from you is an order… [Cleopatra lies beside Caesar on the bed, with her head pressed against his chest] Yes, Caesar, you cannot imagine, how blissfully I feel laying here with you, knowing that I am under your guard, I feel safe for the first time since my father death. Open your mouth, I need to feed you, so you will stay strong enough to protect me forever. [Cleopatra gives grape to Caesar, he wraps his lips around her fingers and starts sucking on it] Ah, Caesar, it feels good, don't stop sucking on my fingers, yes, just right that. [Cleopatra laughs] Looks like someone here just loves grapes. Next one ends in my mouth. [Cleopatra sucks grape] So tasty, so sweet. [Caesar kisses her trying to steal grape from her] Muah, umm, you kissed me! And my grape, you stole it from me! But what else I could expect from mighty Caesar? You just take whatever you want, don't you? Next one is for you again. Ups. It got accidentally crushed it in my hand. It's only fair anyway. What? You want to lick it off my hand? Oka.. WHOA, oh, your tongue on my hand, yes, keep licking, yes, it feels divine, lick every inch of my hand, so good. Done already? My turn to eat a grape, but since I cannot trust you I will hide it for later.. in my cleavage. Haha, what mighty Caesar will do now? How to capture of unconquered fortress? By a force you say? Nooo, stop, you will tear my dress, please, slide it of my shoulders, if you must. You won. You can claim the prize now. The grape must be somewhere here. You want to suck on my erected nipples instead? How convenient, I was afraid you'll never ask! You made them hard, now take the responsibility. [scream of ecstasy] Yeees, pinch my sensible nipples, squeeze my breast with your manly hand, I love it all; now we're talking, but if you love when I scream like a bitch, pinch them harder. [more screams] Mouth and teeth on my tit – now. Haha, the whole palace must be awaken now cursing my whorish screams, but they cannot do anything about it, haha. You want me to get on all four? Under one condition, you must fuck me as hard as you can and empty your balls deep inside my pussy. [pause] I don't hear your protests. Lift up my skirt and bury your fat cock into my tight, dripping wet pussy, conquer me with your manhood. Aaaah, you stretched my cunt so much and your cock feels so good. Start moving. [moans] Just like that, keep fucking me, your cock must have been craving for such sweet pussy like mine for a long time. Please, don't try to deny, it literally throbs every time I say naughty things to you, proving me right. I can feel your balls hitting against my back, becoming heavier and heavier, you will explode inside of me really soon, don't you? If I am right pull my hair. Auuu, so you are [laugh] That's my boy. Don't repress yourself, grab my hips, push your cock as deep as you can, and shoot your load, put little Caesar into my belly. Yes, yes, I feel it coming. [Caesar cums] You came a lot, so much that your cum is spilling out of my pussy. I think that after 9 months you might become a father…

But, for now, let's talk about closer future, about me and the future of Egypt...  
